ADD: tslint-setup, tsconfig-setup and updated readme (#1)
saraikium/react-ts-setup: README.md

# :construction: IAPPS Web App Front-End

This repo contains the setup for IAPPS Frontend.

## DO NOT ADD ANY EXTERNAL LIBRARIES

> Everything needed to develop the project has been setup properly including routing, css libraries, liniting files, build process. DO NOT add any external library without discussion. Please simply take a pull from develop and start adding HTML, CSS and TypeScript Code.

Reviewer: Add details on the git flow as well. Simply taking a pull from develop is not enough. There should a complete cycle of feature branch, testing, merge, testing and then deployment.

Author: If you can, I'd love it if you can define the gitflow. Since you are more experienced in Git and code management than I am.

Reviewer: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow

## Collaboration Guidelines :checkered_flag:

### Code Quality :art:

* No class based Components. Use [hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-overview.html#state-hook) only.
* No implicit types. To ensure the code is of the highest quality, use explicit types when declaring interfaces.
* Always develop the individual component in isolation using [React Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/). Do not add components directly to app. Check for all possible inputs and scenarios in storybook first.

> * Always use [code splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting) using ```React.lazy``` and ```React.suspense```

Reviewer: There should be a guide on how to split code using these. A blog post would do nicely.

Author: Yep. We could write on your blog. Can you guide me on how would I go about doing it? for example should I add code snapshots with explanations?

Reviewer: Write something first. We'll review it later.

* Make sure to use [error boundaries](https://reactjs.org/docs/error-boundaries.html#introducing-error-boundaries)
* Justify every single line of code you write. If you don't know what your code is doing or why did you include it, it will be removed.

> * Use [CSS modules](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/adding-a-css-modules-stylesheet) only. No global CSS is allowed. Every component should be responsible for its own presentation.

Reviewer: If you are using CSS modules then what is the point of including tailwind? Pick one thing and stick with it.

Author: Good Point. If someone needs to use tailwind, they can add it manually.

### Testing :white_check_mark:

* The testing suite has been configured and setup. You just need to write your tests.
* A combination of [JEST](https://jestjs.io/) and [React Testing library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro) should be used for component testing.
* [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/) will be used for end-to-end testing.

> * Pull Request for individual components will not be merged with passing JEST tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Pull Request for individual components will not be merged without passing JEST tests.
```

* Pull Request for completed features will not be merged without end-to-end testing with Cypress.

### Project structure :card_file_box:

> * The project directories has been setup using official react guidelines found on [this page](https://reactjs.org/docs/faq-structure.html). Please be sure to follow to directory structure to ensure that everything can be located by at a single glance.

Reviewer: That link only contains some information without strict guidelines. You need to specify which of the 2 approaches you chose and why.

## Tooling :wrench:

The follwing tool chain has been chosen keeping in mind the speed of development, code quality, validations, security and a minimalistic bundle size. Please DO NOT add anything else.

> I have not yet decided on wether to use **Redux** or not. I'm more inclined towards **MobX**. If you can come up with a valid arguement as to why we should use **Redux**, I'm all ears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I have not yet decided on whether to use Redux or not. I'm more inclined towards MobX. If you can come up with a valid argument as to why we should use Redux, I'm all ears.
```

* TypeScript
* React Storybook
* React Router
* Formik

> * Yup

Reviewer: Is this `Yup` tool going to be used on the front-end or backend? If front-end than I don't see how it can be used.

Author: Yup is used for object schema validation. It's small enough and provides utilities to check if the input is email, alphanumeric, etc. It is used in conjunction with formik for form validations.

Reviewer: Oka.

> * Styled Components

Reviewer: Again, either pick styled components, or tailwind. Pick only one CSS solution. There is no point in having multiple ways to manage CSS in a single project.

Author: Will pick styled components. I was also thinking about emotion instead of Styled Components. I've heard in a few talks that it's lighter than Styled components.

Reviewer: Cool.
